feat(vpc): enable NAT gateway creation for svcs placed in private subnets (#2111)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/backend-service.md

Must be one of `'public'` or `'private'`. Defaults to launching your tasks in public subnets.

!!! info inline end

>     If you launch tasks in `'private'` subnets and use a Copilot-generated VPC, Copilot will generate NAT Gateways for you. Alternatively, you can import a VPC with NAT Gateways when running `copilot env init` for internet connectivity.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
    If you launch tasks in `'private'` subnets and use a Copilot-generated VPC, Copilot will add NAT Gateways to your environment. Alternatively, you can import a VPC with NAT Gateways when running `copilot env init` for internet connectivity.
```
